Add API links as tips (#1161)
hazelcast/hz-docs: docs/modules/clients/pages/dotnet.adoc

:page-api-reference: http://hazelcast.github.io/hazelcast-csharp-client/{page-latest-supported-csharp-client}/api/index.html
[[net-client]]

> TIP: For latest .NET API documentation, see http://hazelcast.github.io/hazelcast-csharp-client/{page-latest-supported-csharp-client}/api/index.html[Hazelcast .NET Client docs].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: For the latest .NET API documentation, refer to the http://hazelcast.github.io/hazelcast-csharp-client/{page-latest-supported-csharp-client}/api/index.html[Hazelcast .NET Client, window=_blank] documentation.
```
